Corrected and clarified the rules for local email validation (#6842)
braze-inc/braze-docs: _docs/_user_guide/message_building_by_channel/email/email_setup/email_validation.md

## Local part validation rules

### General email validation

For most domains, the local part must follow these parameters:
- Can contain any letter, number, including Unicode letters and numbers as well as the following characters: (+) (&) (#) (_) (-) (^) or (/)
- Can contain but may not start or end with the following character: (.)
- Cannot contain double quotes (")
- Must be between 1 and 64 characters in length

> The following REGEX can be used to validate that an email address will be considered valid:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following regular expression can be used to validate if an email address will be considered valid:
```

## Local part validation rules

> ### General Email Validation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### General email validation
```

> For most domains (except for Microsoft domains, see below) the local part must follow these parameters:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For most domains, the local part must follow these parameters:
```

- Can contain any letter, number, including Unicode letters and numbers as well as the following characters: (+) (&) (#) (_) (-) (^) or (/)
- Can contain but may not start or end with the following character: (.)
- Cannot contain double quotes (")
- Must be between 1 and 64 characters in length

The following REGEX can be used to validate that an email address will be considered valid:
```
/\A([a-zA-Z0-9_\-\^+$'\&#\/!%\*=\?`\|~]|[[^\p{ASCII}\p{Space}]&&\p{Alnum}\p{Punct}\p{S}])(([a-zA-Z0-9_\-\^+$'\&#\/!%\*=\?`\|~\.]|[[^\p{ASCII}\p{Space}]&&\p{Alnum}\p{Punct}\p{S}])*([a-zA-Z0-9_\-\^+$'\&#\/!%\*=\?`\|~]|[[^\p{ASCII}\p{Space}]&&\p{Alnum}\p{Punct}\p{S}]))?\z/
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
